A glioma tumor is a type of tumor that forms in the glial cells in the brain or spinal chord. About 30% of all
brain tumors are glioma tumors and about 80% of all malignant tumors in the brain are glioma tumors. Symptoms of
a glioma tumor depend on where the tumor is located. A glioma tumor in the brain can cause vomiting, seizures,
and headaches. Glioma tumors in the optic nerve (responsible for sight), can cause visual damage and loss.
A tumor of this kind that is located in the spine can cause pain, numbness and weakness. Although the treatment for
a glioma tumor depends on its location, most treatments is a combined approach of surgery, radiation therapy, and
chemotherapy.

A meningioma tumor is a tumor that forms and arises from the membranes that surround the brain and spinal chord.
These membranes are called meninges. A tumor of this kind often grows slowly, and about 90% of meningioma tumors
are benign (not cancerous), and they often cause no symptoms. In some cases, though, a meningioma tumor can
affect nearby brain tissue, nerves, and blood vessels, which can cause serious disability. These tumors occur
mostly in women and are in most cases discovered at a high age. Meningioma tumors don't always require immediate
medical attention/treatment, but can instead be monitored over time.

Pituitary tumors are unusual growths in the pituitary gland in the base of the brain. The pituitary gland is a small,
bean shaped gland, situated somewhat behind the nose and ears. This gland is, despite its small size, very important
and influences almost every other part of the body. Some pituitary tumors can result in a too big supply of hormones
that regulate important functions in the body, while some pituitary tumors result in the pituitary gland producing
too little of these hormones. Most pituitary tumors are benign (non cancerous). There are several ways for treating
pituitary tumors, and these include removing the tumor, managing hormone levels with medications and controlling its
growth size.